Update Optimization Module and remove duplicative code (#26565)
idaholab/moose: modules/optimization/doc/content/source/reporters/OptimizationData.md

- `simulation_values`
- `misfit_values`

> The `measurement_` vectors can be filled in using [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/measurement_values), [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/measurement_points), and [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/measurement_times) or with a CSV file using [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/measurement_file), [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/file_xcoord), [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/file_ycoord), [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/file_zcoord), [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/file_value), and [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/file_time). The `simulation_values` and `misfit_values` are calculated in this object if [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/variable) is specified and the measurement location and values are filled. See [OptimizationReporter.md] for more information on these input parameters and what the vectors mean.

Reviewer: Is the last sentence still correct?

If the [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/objective_name) is set by the user
`OptimizationData` will create and store the L2 Norm of the misfit
values divided by two. This can be useful for running an inverse optimization problem with the
[GeneralOptimization.md] reporter.

## Example Input File Syntax

`OptimizationData` is typically used in the forward and homogeneous optimization
sub-applications to sample the solution for `simulation_values`, calculating
`misfit_values`, and storing the objective value provided by `objective_name`.

> The measurement data can either be specified directly or
> (more commonly) transferred from the optimization main application, while the
> simulation and misfit values are transferred to the main application. It is also
> typically used in the adjoint/gradient sub-application to hold the misfit values
> to apply the [ReporterPointSource.md] Dirac kernel.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The measurement data can either be specified directly on each subapp or
 transferred from the optimization main application which would also require the simulation and misfit values to be transferred back to the main application. `OptimizationData` is also
used in the adjoint/gradient sub-application to hold the misfit values
to apply the [ReporterPointSource.md] Dirac kernel.
```

> The following code blocks demonstrate this utilization of `OptimizationData`. The [OptimizationData.md] in the main application reads the measurement locations and values. A [MultiAppReporterTransfer.md] transfers the measurement data to the forward, adjoint/gradient, and homogeneous application within the `OptimizationData` reporter declared in those inputs. The forward and homogeneous applications then sample the specified vector specified in [!param](/Reporters/OptimizationData/variable). The main application then receives the simulation data using a [MultiAppReporterTransfer.md], which [OptimizationReporter.md] uses to calculate the misfit and transfer to the adjoint/gradient sub-application, which uses that data to apply the [ReporterPointSource.md] kernel.

Reviewer: Are we still using  [OptimizationReporter.md] in this problem?   Or is this just the name of the block or action?
